# AWS DataSync Locations Terraform sub-module

Creates a Datasync source or destination Location. DataSync Location defines where the data is copied from or to.

# DataSync Locations supported in this module

- Amazon S3
- Amazon EFS

## S3 Locations

To configure one or more S3 Locations use the `s3_locations` variable. It is a list that supports objects with the following attributes.

- `name` - (Required) A name for the location for reference only. Should be unique.
- `agent_arns` - (Optional) A list of DataSync Agent ARNs with which this location will be associated.
- `s3_bucket_arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the S3 Bucket.
- `s3_config_bucket_access_role_arn` - (Optional) ARN of the IAM Role used to connect to the S3 Bucket. Must be provided if `create_role` is set to false.
- `s3_storage_class` - (Optional) The Amazon S3 storage class that you want to store your files in when this location is used as a task destination.
- `subdirectory` - (Optional) Prefix to perform actions as source or destination.
- `tags` - (Optional) Key-value pairs of resource tags to assign to the DataSync Location.
- `create_role` - (Optional) Whether to create the IAM role for accessing the S3 bucket (true) or provide it directly (false). Default is true. If this is set to `false`, specify an existing IAM role for: `s3_config_bucket_access_role_arn`.

## EFS Locations

To configure one or more EFS Locations use the `efs_locations` variable. It is a list that supports objects with the following attributes.

- `name` - (Required) A name for the location for reference only. Should be unique.
- `access_point_arn` - (Optional) Specifies the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the access point that DataSync uses to access the Amazon EFS file system.
- `ec2_config_security_group_arns` - (Required) List of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the EC2 Security Groups that are associated with the EFS Mount Target.
- `ec2_config_subnet_arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EC2 Subnet that is associated with the EFS Mount Target.
- `efs_file_system_arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of EFS File System.
- `file_system_access_role_arn` - (Optional) Specifies an Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that DataSync assumes when mounting the Amazon EFS file system.
- `in_transit_encryption` - (Optional) Specifies whether you want DataSync to use TLS encryption when transferring data to or from your Amazon EFS file system. Valid values are `NONE` and `TLS1_2`.
- `subdirectory` - (Optional) Subdirectory to perform actions as source or destination. Default `/`.
- `tags` - (Optional) Key-value pairs of resource tags to assign to the DataSync Location.